Add artifact backend resolver and Markdown adapter (#497)
howarewoo/monorepo-template: skills/woostack-init/SKILL.md

   | `.woostack/wisdom/.gitkeep` | `templates/wisdom/.gitkeep` |
   | `.woostack/respond/` directory | (create empty — tracked sanitized response reports) |
   | `.woostack/respond/.gitkeep` | `templates/respond/.gitkeep` |
   | `.woostack/config.json` | `templates/config.json` (`{ "artifacts": { "specPlan": "markdown" }, "models": {}, "review": {}, "respond": {}, "status": { "staleDays": 14 } }`) |
   | `.woostack/.gitignore` | `templates/gitignore` |
   | `.woostack/worktrees/` directory | (create empty — per-PR git worktrees, gitignored) |

   `config.json` ships as `{ "artifacts": { "specPlan": "markdown" }, "models": {}, "review": {},
   "respond": {}, "status": { "staleDays": 14 } }`. Each tool owns its namespace.
   `artifacts.specPlan` selects the spec/plan backend: `markdown` keeps tracked `.woostack`

>    artifacts; `linear` uses Linear projects and issues. The Linear backend requires the

Author: **Nit: Linear backend is documented as operational**

The init workflow says selecting `linear` uses Linear projects and issues, but this PR only adds configuration validation and the authored configuration page explicitly says persistence arrives in later stacked increments. A user reading the generated skill reference can therefore expect this selector to store artifacts when it cannot yet do so.

Fix: Describe `linear` as a reserved selector that currently validates its configuration but does not yet persist projects or issues.

```suggestion
   artifacts; `linear` currently validates configuration only and does not persist projects or issues.
```

<sub>— <strong>MEDIUM · NIT</strong> · flagged by the <code>docs</code> agent</sub>

Author: Fixed in `550d34b`.

>    artifacts; `linear` uses Linear projects and issues. The Linear backend requires the

Author: **Nit: Linear is documented as operational too early**

The public init workflow says that selecting `linear` uses Linear projects and issues, but this PR only adds configuration resolution and the Markdown adapter; the authored configuration page explicitly says persistence arrives in later stacked increments before the selector becomes operational. A user following this workflow can select `linear` expecting artifacts to move to Linear even though no workflow consumes the backend yet.

Fix: Describe `linear` here as a reserved selector that validates its configuration but is not operational until the later persistence and workflow-consumer increments land, matching the configuration reference.

<sub>— <strong>MEDIUM · NIT</strong> · flagged by the <code>docs</code> agent</sub>

Author: Fixed in `550d34b`.

   secret-free `linear.workspace`, `linear.team`, optional `linear.repository`, and complete
   `linear.projectStatuses` and `linear.issueStates` mappings documented in the

>    [configuration reference](../../site/content/docs/configuration.mdx#artifact-backend).

Author: **Nit: Configuration reference is outside the skill bundle**

The new Linear workflow points outside `skills/woostack-init/` to the docs application for its mapping contract. Agent Skill progressive disclosure expects supporting reference material to ship with the skill; after installation this target is not part of the skill bundle, so the agent cannot load the promised details.

Fix: Put the backend configuration contract in a descriptive file under `skills/woostack-init/references/` and link that bundled reference directly from this line; keep the site page as user-facing documentation without making it the skill's operational dependency.

<sub>— <strong>MEDIUM · NIT</strong> · flagged by the <code>skills</code> agent</sub>

Author: Fixed in `550d34b`.
